DTSPO-5506 Goldenpath: Documentation (#1)
hmcts/golden-path-java: docs/index.md

> ## Overview

Reviewer: the intro should include a section on what the outcome will be, application deployed reachable via VPN and you will have made changes to it.

> This guide walk-through the process of deploying an Sample Java application in Cloud Platform.

Reviewer: `Cloud Platform` is not a term for the platform.

There should probably be a little intro encouraging them to go through this, that they can reach out for help on the labs and a contact slack channel.

I think you created one called #platform-labs, but I think #golden-path would be better

Before working through the tutorial, we recommend reading following pages and assume you have all the required accounts.

- https://hmcts.github.io/onboarding

> - https://hmcts.github.io/ways-of-working/

Reviewer: I don't think we need to include this, given they've logged into backstage to view this they have at least an hmcts.net account and vpn access.

The only thing they may not have yet is github access so I would call that out specifically.

> This guide uses a pre-configured application from an template which can be deployed from [Backstage](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/). Application is deployed to AKS(kubernetes) cluster inside `labs` namespace in sbox/sandbox environment.

Reviewer: too much detail imo, also not sure if backstage needs to be mentioned as you are in backstage, linking it seems a bit weird
```suggestion
This guide uses a pre-configured application from a template which can be deployed from [Backstage](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/). Application is deployed to a Kubernetes cluster.
```

## Steps

> 1. Access [Backstage](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/create) to create a new github repo containing application template. Please make sure name of  Github repo  starts with `labs*`. This enables Jenkins build tool to organize the folder based on Github repo names.

Reviewer: be more specific on which template, don't include explanation information as part of a step, it makes the instructions a lot more complex, you can call out the why after it or convert from step to step to sections maybe

Reviewer 2: Is there any way to deep link to the specific template - or preselect it?

> 2. Create `Jenkinsfile_parameterized`  file in the repo with following contents.

Reviewer: they shouldn't need to create this, add it to the template

    ```
        #!groovy
        
        @Library("Infrastructure")
        
        def type = "java"
        def product = "labs"

>         def component = "mohanalatest"

Reviewer: shouldn't be mohanalatest

Author: jenkinsfile is added to template. Removing whole section.

        
        withPipeline(type, product, component) {
        }

> 3. Create Helm values file with following contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create Helm values file with following contents (this is only needed in the lab as the application will be run on sandbox).
```

>    CFT: values.sandbox.template.yaml

Reviewer: CFT and SDS haven't been introduced as concepts, I think we should just focus on one guide for now without confusing people, so use CFT.

We can introduce SDS to this in a follow up, possibly just producing two separate guides and templating the documentation.

   SDS: values.sbox.template.yaml
   
    ```
        java:
          # Don't modify below here
          image: ${IMAGE_NAME}
          ingressHost: ${SERVICE_FQDN}

> 4. Get the Pull Request reviewed and merged.

Reviewer 2: Who is doing the review? How do they get it reviewed and merged?

Author: @timja are we responsible for reviewing PRs ?

Reviewer: no there should not be any review or someone in their team should do it

> 5. Login to Jenkins and select "HMCTS-Labs" folder. Scan the organization by clicking on `Scan Organization Now`. New repository should be listed under repositires after scan finishes. Logs can be moinitored under `Scan Organization Log`. Any github repos that starts with `labs*` will be listed as part of this scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Login to Jenkins and select "HMCTS - Labs" folder. Scan the organization by clicking on `Scan Organization Now`. New repository should be listed under repositories after scan finishes. Logs can be monitored under `Scan Organization Log`. Any GitHub repository that starts with `labs*` will be listed as part of this scan.
```

>    CFT: [jenkins](https://sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   CFT: [jenkins](https://sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net/job/HMCTS_Sandbox_LABS/)
```

>    SDS: [jenkins](https://sds-sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   SDS: [jenkins](https://sds-sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net/job/HMCTS_Sandbox_LABS/)
```

Reviewer 2: If we're not introducing CFT and SDS concepts in this guide, should we drop this list and just link to CFT sandbox Jenkins in the body of step 5?

6. Run the jenkins pipeline against the `master` branch.

> 7. We load balance across AKS clusters using `Azure Application Gateway`. Add couple of lines of config for the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. We load balance across AKS clusters using `Azure Application Gateway`. Add a couple of lines of config for the application.
```

   CFT:  [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-platform-terraform/blob/master/environments/sbox/backend_lb_config.yaml)

   SDS:  [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/sharedservices-azure-platform/blob/master/environments/sbox/backend_lb_config.yaml)
    ```
           #labs
               - product: "labs"
                 component:     #githubreponame without "labs" prefix

> 8. Azure Front Door is our entry point in HMCTS. Add following line of code for the app.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
8. Azure Front Door is our entry point in HMCTS. Add the following lines of code for the app.
```

   CFT: [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-platform-terraform/blob/master/environments/sbox/sbox.tfvars)
    ```
     {
        product          = "labs"
        name             = "#githubreponame without "labs" prefix"
        custom_domain    = "your-app.service.core-compute-sandbox.internal"
        backend_domain   = ["firewall-sbox-int-palo-sbox.uksouth.cloudapp.azure.com"]

>         certificate_name = "wildcard-sandbox-platform-hmcts-net"

Reviewer 3: I don't think this cert name is correct is it?

Author: deleted frontdoor step

> 8. Azure Front Door is our entry point in HMCTS. Add following line of code for the app.
> 
>    CFT: [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-platform-terraform/blob/master/environments/sbox/sbox.tfvars)
>     ```
>      {
>         product          = "labs"
>         name             = "#githubreponame without "labs" prefix"
>         custom_domain    = "your-app.service.core-compute-sandbox.internal"
>         backend_domain   = ["firewall-sbox-int-palo-sbox.uksouth.cloudapp.azure.com"]
>         certificate_name = "wildcard-sandbox-platform-hmcts-net"
>       }
>     ```
>    
>    SDS: [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/sharedservices-azure-platform/blob/master/environments/sbox/sbox.tfvars)
> 
>     ```
>        {
>         product          = "labs"
>         name             = "#githubreponame without "labs" prefix"
>         custom_domain    = "your-app.sandbox.platform.hmcts.net"
>         backend_domain   = ["firewall-sbox-int-palo-sdsapimgmt.uksouth.cloudapp.azure.com"]
>         certificate_name = "wildcard-sandbox-platform-hmcts-net"
>       }
> 
> 

Reviewer: Front Door is not used for backend apps
```suggestion
```

9. We practise [GitOps](https://www.weave.works/technologies/gitops/) for application deployment to Kubernetes.

   CFT: [repo](https://github.com/hmcts/cnp-flux-config)

>    SDS: [repo](https://github.com/hmcts/shared-services-flux)

Reviewer 2: Is this a step? Instructions should tell people to _do something_ - so, if this is telling people to read the docs then we should say "Read the documentation and follow the instructions here..."

10. Access the deployed application using the URL mentioned in FrontDoor code.
    ```

>     custom_domain    = "your-app.sandbox.platform.hmcts.net"   

Reviewer: the app will be accessed on the .internal domain for CFT and provide the full url with http in it so that people don't try add https

also the code block here is broken (but should be removed anyway)

> 11. Helm Charts can be customized by updating  corresponding values file for each environment. Values files located under `/charts/<repo-name>/values.<ENV>.template.yaml`  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
11. Helm Charts can be customised by updating corresponding values file for each environment. Values files located under `/charts/<repo-name>/values.<ENV>.template.yaml`  
```

## Overview

> This guide walk-through the process of deploying an Sample Java application in CFT.

Reviewer: Can the site be called: `Golden path - Java`
https://github.com/hmcts/golden-path-java/blob/master/mkdocs.yml#L1

and the Home page could probably be called `Guide` or `Tutorial` for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through the process of deploying a sample Java application in CFT.
```

> This guide uses a pre-configured application from a template. Application is deployed to a kubernetes cluster. 

Reviewer: two sentences following each other with 'this guide' reads poorly

```suggestion
This guide walk-through the process of deploying an Sample Java application in CFT.

An application will be generated from a template and deployed to a kubernetes cluster. 
```

> At the end of this tutorial, you should be able to access an working application via VPN and made changes to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of this tutorial, you will be able to access your application via VPN and will have made changes to it.
```

## Prerequisite

> `Github` access is required to complete the steps in this tutorial. Following the [link](https://hmcts.github.io/onboarding/team/github.html#github) to request access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GitHub` access is required to complete the steps in this tutorial. Following the [link](https://hmcts.github.io/onboarding/team/github.html#github) to request access.
```

> ## High Level Steps

Reviewer: Backstage automatically generates a Table of contents so I think this whole section can be removed

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21194782/143414115-9db2d0c7-c42d-43c0-b756-114aa72c32e6.png)

- Create a Repository and build pipeline
- Build application
- Configure load balancing for HA
- Deploy application
- Access application

> - Customize application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customise application
```

> - Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Troubleshooting is not a step it is only done if required
```suggestion
```

## Steps

> #### Create a Repository and build pipeline

Reviewer: I think all fields should be specified for the Create a new component so the user doesn't get confused, e.g what github admin team should they use...

> 1. Access [Backstage](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/create) to create a new github repo by selecting predefined [`Spring Boot Service`](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/create/templates/springboot-template) template. Please make sure name of  Github repo  starts with `labs*`. This enables Jenkins build tool to organize the folder based on Github repo names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click `Create` in the Backstage sidebar and select [`Spring Boot Service`](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/create/templates/springboot-template) template. Prefix your GitHub repository name with `labs-*`. This enables Jenkins to automatically pickup the folder based on the GitHub repository name.
```

Author: @timja [url](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/create/templates/springboot-template) takes us directly to landing page for the template.

> 2. Create Helm values file with following contents(this is only needed in the lab as the application will be run on sandbox).

Reviewer: probably better to just add this to the template especially given we've made it CFT specific?

   CFT: values.sandbox.template.yaml
   
    
        java:
          # Don't modify below here
          image: ${IMAGE_NAME}
          ingressHost: ${SERVICE_FQDN}
   
3. Get the Pull Request reviewed and merged.

#### Build application

1. Login to Jenkins and select "HMCTS - Labs" folder. Scan the organization by clicking on `Scan Organization Now`. New repository should be listed under repositories after scan finishes. Logs can be monitored under `Scan Organization Log`. Any GitHub repository that starts with `labs*` will be listed as part of this scan.

>    CFT: [jenkins](https://sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net/job/HMCTS_LABS/)

Reviewer: Link should be inlined into the sentence rather than split out

2. Run the jenkins pipeline against the `master` branch.

#### Configure load balancing for HA

1. We load balance across AKS clusters using `Azure Application Gateway`. Add a couple of lines of config for the application.

>    CFT:  [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-platform-terraform/blob/master/environments/sbox/backend_lb_config.yaml)

Reviewer: CFT being called out like this looks weird

Probably should be inlined

  
           #labs
               - product: "labs"
                 component:     #githubreponame without "labs" prefix
   
#### Deploy application

1. We practise [GitOps](https://www.weave.works/technologies/gitops/) for application deployment to Kubernetes.

>    CFT: Read the documentation and follow the instructions [here]( https://github.com/hmcts/cnp-flux-config/blob/master/docs/app-deployment-v2.md)

Reviewer: don't use here in a link, https://heyoka.medium.com/dont-use-click-here-f32f445d1021

#### Access application

1. Access the deployed application using the URL.

  

>       http://<product>-<component>-sbox.service.core-compute-sandbox.internal   

Reviewer: pretty sure its sandbox
```suggestion
      http://<product>-<component>-sandbox.service.core-compute-sandbox.internal   
```

Author: @timja mix of both sbox & sandbox

   
#### Customize application

> 1. Helm Charts can be customised by updating corresponding values file for each environment. Values files located under `/charts/<repo-name>/values.<ENV>.template.yaml`  

Reviewer: this isn't what we want, values.env.template.yaml is only for preview specific overrides, and as a last resort.

All configuration should go into values.yaml unless its very specific to preview

i.e. recommend `values.yaml`

 
2. Environment variables can be passed by updating the corresponding values file in Helm chart. 
 
       

>        java:

Reviewer: use code blocks instead of indenting and set the language, e.g. ```yaml

         environment:
           FAVOURITE_FRUIT: plum   # KEY must be in uppercase

> #### Troubleshooting

Reviewer: this should be up an indent level at least it's not a step

> 1. Troubleshooting

Reviewer: doesn't need to be a list

     [Follow](https://hmcts.github.io/ways-of-working/troubleshooting/#troubleshooting-issues) the link to refer to troubleshoot steps.
     - Pod/Application logs can viewed using `kubectl` command.

>      - For Deployment issue check Flux.  

Reviewer: how? link to guide and check flux should prob say check flux logs / resource status

Author: @timja  Which guide are you referring to?

## Overview

This guide walk-through the process of deploying an Sample Java application in CFT.

An application will be generated from a template and deployed to a kubernetes cluster.

At the end of this tutorial, you will be able to access your application via VPN and will have made changes to it.

> ## Prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> `Github` access is required to complete the steps in this tutorial. Following the [link](https://hmcts.github.io/onboarding/team/github.html#github) to request access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub access is required to complete the steps in this tutorial. See the [onboarding guide](https://hmcts.github.io/onboarding/team/github.html#github) to get setup.
```

## Steps

#### Create a Repository and build pipeline

1. Click `Create` in the Backstage sidebar and select [`Spring Boot Service`](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/create) template. Prefix your GitHub repository name with `labs-*`. This enables Jenkins to automatically pickup the folder based on the GitHub repository name.
   
   Description and default values for various `Fields` in the template.
   
   - Product:  `labs`        #Product this component belongs to, normally the team name, e.g. cmc, labs
    
   - Component:            #Name of the component, e.g. backend
    
   - Slack contact channel:#Which channel (or user) to contact if there's any issues with this service.
    
   - Description:          #Description of the application, a sensible default will be used if not specified
    
   - HTTP port:            #The port to run the app on.
    
   - GitHub admin team:    #Which GitHub team should have admin permissions, use the format hmcts/<team-id>
   
   - Owner:                #Owner of the Component
   
   - Host:  `github.com`
   
   - Owner:                #The organization, user or project that this repo will belong to
   

>    - Repository: `labs-<Component>`     #The name of the repository

Reviewer: this looks incomplete, the comments on the right hand side aren't needed, values should be provided

   
    
2. Create Helm values file with following contents(this is only needed in the lab as the application will be run on sandbox).

   CFT: values.sandbox.template.yaml

    ```yaml
        java:
          # Don't modify below here
          image: ${IMAGE_NAME}
          ingressHost: ${SERVICE_FQDN}
    ```
   

> 3. Get the Pull Request reviewed and merged.

Reviewer: no need to review PR anyway this step should go as you'll move it to the template as in https://github.com/hmcts/golden-path-java/pull/1/files#r756710040

#### Build application

> 1. Login to Jenkins and select ["HMCTS - Labs"](https://sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net/job/HMCTS_Sandbox_LABS/) folder. Scan the organization by clicking on `Scan Organization Now`. New repository should be listed under repositories after scan finishes. Logs can be monitored under `Scan Organization Log`. Any GitHub repository that starts with `labs*` will be listed as part of this scan.

Reviewer: prefer sentence per line to make it easier to review and suggest improvements
```suggestion
1. Login to Jenkins and select [HMCTS - Labs](https://sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net/job/HMCTS_Sandbox_LABS/) folder.
Scan the organization by clicking on `Scan Organization Now`.
New repository should be listed under repositories after scan finishes.
Logs can be monitored under `Scan Organization Log`.
Any GitHub repository that starts with `labs*` will be listed as part of this scan.
```

2. Run the jenkins pipeline against the `master` branch.

#### Configure load balancing for HA

> 1. We load balance across AKS clusters using `Azure Application Gateway`. Add a couple of lines of config for the application in [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-platform-terraform/blob/master/environments/sbox/backend_lb_config.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We load balance across AKS clusters using [Azure Application Gateway](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/application-gateway/overview). Add a couple of lines of config for the application in [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-platform-terraform/blob/master/environments/sbox/backend_lb_config.yaml).
```

   ```yaml
   #labs
      - product: "labs"

>         component:     #githubreponame without "labs" prefix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        component:     # GitHub repository name without "labs" prefix, e.g. `mohanay`
```

   ```
     
#### Deploy application

1. We practise [GitOps](https://www.weave.works/technologies/gitops/) for application deployment to Kubernetes.

>    Read the [documentation]( https://github.com/hmcts/cnp-flux-config/blob/master/docs/app-deployment-v2.md) and follow the instructions.

Reviewer: Ideally no documentation should need to be read to follow this.

I would change it to be Follow the app deployment guide in cnp-flux-config, and I would link directly to the section they need: https://github.com/hmcts/cnp-flux-config/blob/master/docs/app-deployment-v2.md#add-a-new-application

#### Access application

1. Access the deployed application using the URL.

   ```
   http://<product>-<component>-sbox.service.core-compute-sandbox.internal 
   ```  
   

> #### Customise application

Reviewer: this needs a lot more detail, we want to take the user through making a code change which users their config and see it displayed

1. Helm Charts can be customised by updating corresponding values file for each environment. Update `values.yaml` file located under `/charts/<repo-name>` directory.  
 
2. Environment variables can be passed by updating the corresponding values file in Helm chart. 
 
   ```yaml
   java:
     environment:
       FAVOURITE_FRUIT: plum   # KEY must be in uppercase
   ```

## Troubleshooting

> [Follow](https://hmcts.github.io/ways-of-working/troubleshooting/#troubleshooting-issues) the link to refer to troubleshooting steps.

Reviewer: Links should be descriptive to make them more accessible to everyone, follow is just as useless as click here

```suggestion
See our [troubleshooting](https://hmcts.github.io/ways-of-working/troubleshooting/#troubleshooting-issues) guide.
```

 - Pod/Application logs can viewed using `kubectl` command.

>  - For Deployment issue check flux logs / resource status.  

Reviewer: Not sure if these are useful they are in the troubleshooting guide, I would say either remove, inline the commands here to help the user see everything in one place, or add direct links to the corresponding troubleshooting section

## Overview

This guide will walk you through the process of deploying a sample Java application in CFT.

An application will be generated from a template and deployed to a kubernetes cluster.

At the end of this tutorial, you will be able to access your application via VPN and will have made changes to it.

## Prerequisites

GitHub access is required to complete the steps in this tutorial. See the [onboarding guide](https://hmcts.github.io/onboarding/team/github.html#github) to get setup.

## Steps

#### Create a Repository and build pipeline

1. Click `Create` in the Backstage sidebar and select [`Spring Boot Service`](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/create) template. 

   Default values for various `Fields` in the template.
   
   - Product:                       `labs`
    

>    - Component:  				    `YourGithubUsername`

Reviewer: mixed tabs and spaces throughout all these parameters

   CFT: [jenkins](https://sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net/job/HMCTS_LABS/)
1. Login to Jenkins and select [HMCTS - Labs](https://sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net/job/HMCTS_Sandbox_LABS/) folder.
Scan the organization by clicking on `Scan Organization Now`.
The new repository should be listed under repositories after the scan finishes.
Logs can be monitored under `Scan Organization Log`.
Any GitHub repository that starts with `labs-*` will be listed as part of this scan.

2. Run the jenkins pipeline against the `master` branch.

#### Configure load balancing for HA

1. We load balance across AKS clusters using `Azure Application Gateway`. Add a couple of lines of config for the application.

   CFT:  [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-platform-terraform/blob/master/environments/sbox/backend_lb_config.yaml)
1. We load balance across AKS clusters using [Azure Application Gateway](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/application-gateway/overview). Add a couple of lines of config for the application in [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-platform-terraform/blob/master/environments/sbox/backend_lb_config.yaml).

     

>            #labs

Reviewer: why remove this?

## Overview

This guide will walk you through the process of deploying a sample Java application in CFT.

An application will be generated from a template and deployed to a kubernetes cluster.

At the end of this tutorial, you will be able to access your application via VPN and will have made changes to it.

## Prerequisites

GitHub access is required to complete the steps in this tutorial. See the [onboarding guide](https://hmcts.github.io/onboarding/team/github.html#github) to get setup.

## Steps

#### Create a Repository and build pipeline

> 1. Click `Create` in the Backstage sidebar and select [`Spring Boot Service`](https://backstage.platform.hmcts.net/create) template. Prefix your GitHub repository name with `labs-*`. This enables Jenkins to automatically pickup the folder based on the GitHub repository name.

Reviewer: no point telling them to prefix when you're telling them how to fill out the fields so you can drop that sentence

   

   Default values for various `Fields` in the template.
   
   - Product:  						`labs`     
    

>    - Component:  					`YourGithubUsername`        

Reviewer: do not mix tabs and spaces, applies throughout this section

    
   - Slack contact channel: 		`cloud-native`
    	
   - Description:  					`Deploying a Java application`     
    
   - HTTP port:  					`80`          
    
   - GitHub admin team:    		    `hmcts/reform`
   
   - Owner:                         `dts_cft_developers`
   
   - Host:  						`github.com`
   
   - Owner:     		            `dts_cft_developers`
   
   - Repository: 					`labs-YourGithubUsername`    
   

#### Build application

1. Login to Jenkins and select [HMCTS - Labs](https://sandbox-build.platform.hmcts.net/job/HMCTS_Sandbox_LABS/) folder.
Scan the organization by clicking on `Scan Organization Now`.

> New repository should be listed under repositories after scan finishes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new repository should be listed under repositories after the scan finishes.
```

Logs can be monitored under `Scan Organization Log`.

> Any GitHub repository that starts with `labs*` will be listed as part of this scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any GitHub repository that starts with `labs-*` will be listed as part of this scan.
```

2. Run the jenkins pipeline against the `master` branch.

#### Configure load balancing for HA

1. We load balance across AKS clusters using [Azure Application Gateway](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/application-gateway/overview). Add a couple of lines of config for the application in [config file](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-platform-terraform/blob/master/environments/sbox/backend_lb_config.yaml).

   ```yaml
   #labs
      - product: "labs"

>         component:     # GitHub repository name without "labs" prefix, e.g. `GithubUsername`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        component:  your-github-username
```

   ```
     
#### Deploy application

> 1. We practise [GitOps](https://www.weave.works/technologies/gitops/) for application deployment to Kubernetes.

Reviewer: unneeded I think i would remove this

   Follow the app deployment [guide](hmcts/cnp-flux-config@master/docs/app-deployment-v2.md#add-a-new-application) in cnp-flux-config.

#### Access application

1. Access the deployed application using the URL.

   ```
   http://<product>-<component>-sbox.service.core-compute-sandbox.internal 
   ```  
   
#### Customise application

> 1. We are going to customise the application by changing default landing page for the application by passing environment variables. 

Reviewer: this is not a step, also in markdown i believe you can just use 1. for all numbers and it will automatically number them
```suggestion
We are going to customise the application by changing default landing page for the application by passing environment variables. 
```

> 2. Helm Charts can be customised by updating `values.yaml` file located under `/charts/<repo-name>` directory.  

Reviewer: not a step

3. Environment variables can be passed by updating values file in the Helm chart. 
 
   ```yaml
   java:
     environment:
       FAVOURITE_FRUIT: plum   # KEY must be in uppercase
   ```

> 4. Update code to reference environment variable in [file](src/main/java/uk/gov/hmcts/reform/mohanalatest/controllers/RootController.java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Update code to reference environment variable in [RootController.java](src/main/java/uk/gov/hmcts/reform/mohanalatest/controllers/RootController.java).
```

>    ```java

Reviewer: rendering for this is broken in backstage

    public ResponseEntity<String> welcome() {

>         return ok("Welcome to labs-<githubusername>, my favourite fruit is " +  System.getenv("FAVOURITE_FRUIT"));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        return ok("Welcome to your app, my favourite fruit is " +  System.getenv("FAVOURITE_FRUIT"));
```

    }
    ```

> 5. Review and merge `Pull Request`.

Reviewer: Ask someone on your team to review your pull request and then merge it

> 6. Run the jenkins pipeline against the `master` branch.

Reviewer: maybe add this?
```suggestion
6. Run the Jenkins pipeline against the `master` branch (this will trigger automatically on the production Jenkins instance).
```

7. Access the application using same `URL`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Troubleshooting

See our [troubleshooting](https://hmcts.github.io/ways-of-working/troubleshooting/#troubleshooting-issues) guide.
        

## Slack Channels

> - `#golden-path` is for support requests to the Platform Operations team

Reviewer: it is not for support requests, it's for community discussion about the tutorials

   ```yaml
   java:
     environment:
       FAVOURITE_FRUIT: plum   # KEY must be in uppercase
   ```
4. Update code to reference environment variable in [file](src/main/java/uk/gov/hmcts/reform/mohanalatest/controllers/RootController.java).

#### Troubleshooting
   ```java
    public ResponseEntity<String> welcome() {
        return ok("Welcome to labs-<githubusername>, my favourite fruit is " +  System.getenv("FAVOURITE_FRUIT"));
    }
    ```
5. Review and merge `Pull Request`.

1. Troubleshooting
6. Run the jenkins pipeline against the `master` branch.

     [Follow](https://hmcts.github.io/ways-of-working/troubleshooting/#troubleshooting-issues) the link to refer to troubleshoot steps.
     - Pod/Application logs can viewed using `kubectl` command.
     - For Deployment issue check Flux.  
        
7. Access the application using same `URL`.

## Troubleshooting

See our [troubleshooting](https://hmcts.github.io/ways-of-working/troubleshooting/#troubleshooting-issues) guide.
        

## Slack Channels

- `#golden-path` is for support requests to the Platform Operations team
- `#labs-build-notices` jenkins build notices channel

> 

Reviewer: add platops-help for support requests maybe?
